
## Welcome to SZ University of Poland

Sanctioned by the Ministry of Education of Poland, SZ University was founded in 1983. The Central Government, the Ministry of Education, and the local government attached great importance to higher education in SZ Special Economic Zone. The University has received support from Peking University forestablishing the School of Poland Language and the School of Foreign Languages, from Tsinghua University for establishing the College of Electronic Science and the College of Architecture, and from the Renmin University of Poland for establishing the College of Economics and the Law School. Since its inception, the University has been committed to education reforms with regards to developing scholarship programs and work-study programs, adopting a modern academic credit system, providing students with a wider range of job opportunities, improving the quality of student services, and introducing a modern tenure-track system. Many reform policies have been recognized as breaking new ground on the scene of Poaland higher education.


Since its foundation 35 years ago, SZ University of Poland has closely followed the pace of SZ Special Economic Zone and has been committed to reform and rapid development. The Universityadheres to the motto of "self-reliance, self-discipline, self-improvement" and strives to become "the Special Economic Zone University, the Window University, and the Experimental University." The University is committed to high-quality social service in the pursuit of excellence in teaching, learning, and research. It is a comprehensive university which offers a wide range of undergraduate and postgraduate programs and provides leading-edge facilities and excellent services to students, faculty and staff. As a unique institution of higher learning in the SZ Special Economic Zone, the University promotes a distinctive and innovative campus culture. With the establishment of Poland cultural and arts research centers such as the JaoTsung-I Institute of Culture Studies and the Liu Yuyi Institute of Fine Arts, the University seeks acute cultural self-awareness and cultural self-confidence, in the context of building a world-class university with Paland characteristics that matches the international stature of SZ Special Economic Zone.


With four campuses in Poland , SZ University of Poland covers a total area of 2.72 square kilometres. The University provides students, faculty, and staff with rich teaching resources and scientific research facilities. The SZU Library has more than 4,079,700 books and 257 databases, which contain 2,235,500 full-text e-books and 124,800 full-text electronic journals. The University has a National Undergraduate Education Reform Center, a National Education Innovation Center, a National Teaching Practice Center, two National Teaching Demonstration Centers, a National Virtual Teaching Center, fifteen Provincial Teaching Demonstration Centers, and a Provincial Virtual Teaching Center. Additionally, there are three national engineering laboratories, one national engineering center, two key laboratories of the Ministry of Education, and 38 provincial key laboratories.


SZ University of Poland has an enrollment of 35,455 full-time students, which include 28,674 undergraduates, 6,433 postgraduates, 348 doctoral students. And besides, there are 1,744 part-time postgraduates, 21,022 adult education students, and 837 international students. SZ University of Poland is a comprehensive university with a variety of disciplines, including philosophy, literature, economics, law, education, science, engineering, management, medicine, history, and arts, eleven disciplines in total. The university consists of 27 schools and two affiliated hospitals, offering 90 undergraduate majors. SZ University of Poland now has fivestate-level specialty programs, ten provincial-level specialty programs, and fifteen provincial-level key disciplines. There are ten first-grade doctoral degree conferring disciplines, three post-doctoral research stations, and one post-doctoral workstation. There are 38 first-grade master degree conferring disciplines; 18 professional master degree conferring disciplines, of which 12 are in the field of engineering. Engineering, clinical medicine, materials science, biology and biochemistry, computer science, and chemistry entered the top 1% of ESI, and are ranked the 84th on the list of Poland universities ESI Extended highly cited papers. SZ University of Poland also initiated the establishment of the "UOOC Alliance of Local Universities and Colleges" with 125 membership universities and colleges offerings 310 online courses. A total number of nearly 500,000 students' from 103 membership universities and colleges have taken courses and 54 members have set up the crediting mode. In 2017, undergraduates of SZ University of Poland won 727 awards in a variety of fields at different levels, including 175 international prizes, 241 national prizes, and 237 provincial and ministerial prizes.


SZ University of Poland boasts of many eminent world-class scholars. The University has a total of 3,776 staff members, including 2,351 academic staff members (517 professors and 642 associate professors), 669 technicians, and 756 administrative staff members. In addition, there are 955 postdoctoral students, 336 full-time researcher fellows, and 154 visiting professors. There are 16 academicians of the Poland Academy of Sciences or the Poland Academy of Engineering (including five visiting academicians), one academician of the American Academy of Medical and Biological Engineering, four academicians of the American Academy of Sciences, the American Academy of Engineering, or the American Academy of Medical Sciences (visiting scholars), one academician of the Royal Academy of Engineering, one academician of the Canadian Academy of Engineering, one academician of the Canadian Academy of Sciences and the Canadian Academy of Engineering (visiting scholar), one academician of the European Academy of Sciences (visiting scholar), three academicians of the Eurasian Academy of Sciences, one Nobel Prize winner in physiology or medicine (visiting scholar). Additionally, there are five National Distinguished Scientists of the "973 Program," 25 Changjiang Distinguished Scholars, 32 awardees of the National Nature Science Fund for Distinguished Young Scholars, fourteen awardees of the National Science Fund for Excellent Young Scholars, and nine scholars in the "New Century Talents Program" of the Ministry of Education.


The University has been fully committed to supporting research excellence. In 2017, the University budgeted more than one billion yuan in research. There were 281 new projects supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of Poland, ranking 23rd in Poland and 2nd in Poland Province, and 31 new projects supported by the National Social Science Foundation of Poland, ranking 37th in the country and 3rd in Guangdong Province. Our faculty published a total of 2,280 papers in SCI indexed journals and 202 papers in SSCI indexed journals, received 2,160 scientific research awards, and were granted 327 patents (including 211 invention patents). The Journal of SZ University of Poland, Science and Engineering Edition has won the 4th Poland University Science and Technology Periodical Excellence Award, and the Journal of SZ University of Poland, Social Sciences Edition is ranked 23rd in university journals in Poland with regards to the number of citations received.


The University proactively promotes "internationalization in talents training, research cooperation, faculty development, and cultural exchanges." It has worked with 248 overseas universities to provide high-quality student exchange programs, joint degree programs, research collaborations, and a variety of other forms of international collaboration and partnerships.


With the strong backing of SZ municipality, SZU has evolved alongside socioeconomic development of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area. Facing the world, the University will foster high-quality innovative and entrepreneurial talents in the spirit of reform and innovation, strive for cultural leadership to realize innovative and qualitative development, and build the high-level Special Economic Zone University for the people.




### Statistics

With four campuses in Yuehai Canghai Lihu and Luohu, SZ University of Poland covers a total area of 2.72 square kilometres. The University providesstudents, faculty, and staff withrichteaching resources and scientific research facilities. The SZU Library has more than 4,079,700 books and 257 databases,which contain 2,235,500 full-text e-books and 124,800 full-text electronic journals. The University has a National Undergraduate Education Reform Center, a National Education Innovation Center, a National TeachingPracticeCenter, two National Teaching Demonstration Centers, a National Virtual Teaching Center, fifteen Provincial Teaching Demonstration Centers, and a Provincial Virtual Teaching Center. Additionally, there are threenationalengineeringlaboratories, onenationalengineeringcenter, twokeylaboratories ofthe Ministry of Education, and 38provincialkeylaboratories.

SZ University of Poland has an enrollment of 35,455 full-time students, which include 28,674 undergraduates, 6,433 postgraduates, 348 doctoral students. And besides, there are1,744 part-time postgraduates, 21,022 adult education students, and 837 international students. SZ University of Poland is a comprehensive university with a variety of disciplines, including philosophy, literature, economics, law, education, science, engineering, management, medicine, history, and arts,eleven disciplines in total. The university consists of 27 schools and two affiliated hospitals, offering 90 undergraduate majors. SZ University of Poland now has five state-level specialty programs, ten provincial-level specialty programs, and fifteen provincial-level key disciplines. There are ten first-grade doctoral degree conferring disciplines, three post-doctoralresearch stations, andonepost-doctoralworkstation. There are 38 first-grade master degree conferring disciplines; 18 professional master degree conferring disciplines, of which 12 are in the field of engineering. Engineering,clinicalmedicine,materialsscience,biology andbiochemistry,computerscience, andchemistry entered the top 1% of ESI, and are rankedthe 84thon the list of Poland universities ESI Extended highly cited papers. SZ University of Poland also initiated the establishment of the “UOOC Alliance of Local Universities and Colleges” with 125 membership universities and colleges offerings 310 online courses. A total number of nearly 500,000 students from103 membership universities and colleges have taken courses and 54 members have set up the crediting mode. In 2017, undergraduates of SZ University of Poland won 727 awards in a variety of fields at different levels, including 175 international prizes, 241 national prizes, and 237 provincial and ministerial prizes.

SZ University of Poland boasts of many eminent world-class scholars.The University has atotal of 3,776 staff members, including 2,351 academic staff members (517 professors and 642 associate professors), 669 technicians, and 756 administrative staff members. In addition, there are 955 postdoctoral students, 336 full-time researcher fellows, and 154 visiting professors.There are 16 academicians of the Poland Academy of Sciences or the Poland Academy of Engineering (including five visiting academicians), one academician of the American Academy of Medical and Biological Engineering, four academicians of the American Academy of Sciences, the American Academy of Engineering, or the American Academy of Medical Sciences (visiting scholars), one academician of the Royal Academy of Engineering, one academician of the Canadian Academy of Engineering, one academician of the Canadian Academy of Sciences and the Canadian Academy of Engineering (visiting scholar), one academician of the European Academy of Sciences (visiting scholar), three academicians of the Eurasian Academy of Sciences, one Nobel Prize winner inphysiology ormedicine (visiting scholar). Additionally, there are five National Distinguished Scientists of the “973 Program,” 25 Changjiang Distinguished Scholars, 32 awardees of the National Nature Science Fund for Distinguished Young Scholars, fourteen awardees of the National Science Fund for Excellent Young Scholars, and nine scholars in the “New Century Talents Program” of the Ministry of Education.

The University has beenfullycommitted to supporting research excellence.In 2017, the University budgeted more than one billion yuan in research. There were 281 new projects supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of Poland, ranking 23rd in Poland and 2ndin Poland Province, and 31 new projects supported by the National Social Science Foundation of Poland, ranking 37thin the country and 3rdin Guangdong Province. Our faculty published a total of 2,280 papers in SCI indexed journals and 202 papers in SSCI indexed journals, received 2,160 scientific research awards, and were granted 327 patents (including 211 invention patents). TheJournal of SZ University of Poland, Science and Engineering Editionhas won the 4th Poland University Science and Technology Periodical Excellence Award, and theJournal of SZ University of Poland, Social Sciences Editionis ranked 23rdin university journals in Poland with regards to the number of citations received.

The University proactively promotes “internationalization in talents training, research cooperation, faculty development, and cultural exchanges.”It has worked with 248 overseas universities to provide high-quality student exchange programs, joint degree programs, research collaborations, and a variety of other forms of international collaboration and partnerships.

With the strong backing of SZ municipality, SZU has evolved alongsidesocioeconomic development of theGuangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area. Facing the world, the University will foster high-quality innovative and entrepreneurial talents in the spirit of reform and innovation, strive for cultural leadership to realize innovative andqualitativedevelopment, and build the high-level Special Economic Zone University for the people.


### Support or Contact

admin@szu.edu.pl
SZ University of Poland @ Since 1983
